Include alpha designation in the README (#187)
CitrineInformatics/citrine-python: README.md

INFO:citrine._session:200 GET /projects/fc568490-224a-4070-807f-1427c4f4dcd8
```
is an example of output from the logger in the previous example.

## Developement Status

Classes and methods may be marked as *alpha* by including `[ALPHA]` at the start of their docstrings.

> They should be not be used, and may change or be removed without notice.

Reviewer: Perhaps clarify a little bit - 
"These methods are intended for development, testing, and experimentation, are not supported, and may change or be removed without notice"

> They should be not be used, and may change or be removed without notice.

Reviewer: How about this instead:

How about this instead: 
```suggestion
These methods are intended for development, testing, and experimentation, are not supported, and may change or be removed without notice```
